README.md, before:

# Prototype
Prototype for abstract interpretation annotation handler

## How it works
Script protoype transforms comments annotations generated in while statements from pagai to assume statement functions that shall reduce the time consumption in a static analysis.

## Prerequisites
1. Git clone or direct download pycparser version that can handle comments from: [https://bitbucket.org/barel/pycparser/downloads]
2. Download and compile latest version of Pagai from: [http://pagai.forge.imag.fr/]
3. Install clang, a prerequisite to perform abstract interpretation analysis with Pagai.
4. Ensure sed script interpreter is installed to perform filtering of non valid C parsing characters.
5. Ensure running version of python is 2.x and not 3.x
6. Update script prototype_0.1.py on lines 5 and 6 to set the correct paths where pagai and pycparser from barel where installed:
  + parserpath = '../path/to/pycparser/directory'
  + pagaipath = '../path/to/pagai/binary/directory/pagai'

## How to use it.
Copy into directory test2 the file to be transformed and then call python prototype_0.1.py followed by the file name.  
For example:
+ cp test2/results_13Jul2015/gopan.c test2/gopan.c
+ cd test2
+ python prototype_0.1.py gopan.c

### The script will create different files for each step of the process:
+ *gopan.c.bc* - Contains the translation from C to llvm from clang execution
+ *tmp_gopan.c* - Temprary C file with annotations created from pagai output. Includes non valid characters for parsing.
+ *anno_gopan.c* - Annotated C code from original file without invalid characters. This is filtered using sed script sed_test.py.
+ *lextab.py* - PLY (python lex and yacc implementation) autogenerated file
+ *yacctab.py* - PLY (python lex and yacc implementation) autogenerated file
+ *assume_anno_gopan.c* - Original file including assume statements derived from invariants.
+ *assume_anno_gopan.c.bc* - Translation from C to llvm to analyze with pagai.
+ *tmp_assume_anno_gopan.c* - Temporary c file
+ *anno_assume_anno_gopan.c* - New annotated C code from pagai output. Includes both invariants and assume statements.

Commit message:

Updated README instructions for scripts

README.md, after:

# Prototype
Prototype to evaluate abstract interpretation and bounded model checking integration

## Prerequisites
1. Git clone or direct download pycparser version that can handle comments from: [https://bitbucket.org/barel/pycparser/downloads]
2. Download and compile latest version of Pagai from: [http://pagai.forge.imag.fr/]
3. Install clang, a prerequisite to perform abstract interpretation analysis with Pagai.
4. Install CBMC 5.1 [http://www.cprover.org/cbmc/]
5. Donwload version 1.0 from Lazy-CSeq [http://users.ecs.soton.ac.uk/gp4/cseq/cseq.html]
5. Ensure sed script interpreter is installed to perform filtering of non valid C parsing characters.
6. Ensure running version of python is 2.x and not 3.x
7. Update scripts prototypex.x.py to set the correct paths where pagai and pycparser from barel where installed, for example:
  + parserpath = '../path/to/pycparser/directory'
  + pagaipath = '../path/to/pagai/binary/directory/pagai'


### The script can create different files for each step of the process:
+ *<input>.bc – Represents the intermediate representation (IR) on binary format required as input for PAGAI. 

+ *<input>_anno.c –Represents the annotated C file with invariants generated. 

+ *<input>_pyc.c – Represents the input C file required for correct parsing with pycparser.

+ *<input>_assume.c – Represents the input C file injected with “assume” statements.

+ *<input>_cbmc.c – Represents the input C file re-transformed with original dependencies to be verified by CBMC.

+ *<input>_cex – File with CBMC counterexample from verification, or logging of successful validation.

+ *<input>_.stderr – File with the stderr output from a command execution e.g. pagai, cbmc, clang.
